Austin Ewell
5927 West Potterstone Circle, Herriman, UT 
Austin.ewell86@gmail.com
(801) 231-1314


Work Experience: 


* Self Employed eStore owner
        Salt Lake City, Utah
        June 2021- Current
Growing my online marketplace started out as a hobby and grew into being my main financial support. I manage inventory, track sales, growth, labor, and profit. I lead 4 employees to continue our overall growth as a company. 


* Rocky Mountain Mechanical- HVAC Shop
        Salt Lake City, Utah
        Jan 2018 - June 2021
Fast pace fabrication of a wide variety of material in the realm of HVAC, plumbing, electrical, and refrigeration. Knowledge of dimensions and mathematics to create square and round ducts using a wide range of machines and tools. Experience in welding, CNC, plasma cutters, spiral-helix and other common tools used with sheet metal fabrication.


* Victra Wireless- Sales Associate
        Sandy City, Utah
        July 2017 - Jan 2018
Works over the phone and through email to inform customers off an excel sheet that they are eligible for new equipment. I show them the benefits of retaining the customer and upgrading their contracts/equipment. Works well with self motivation as a large majority of my income is commission based. Great communication and problem solving skills since I need to identify what about their account would appeal and what is currently costing them money. Great self discovery skills in understanding what may be costing customers more money and understand what/why it would be beneficial for them to switch their plan or equipment to to help save them money or fulfill their needs.




* Hexcel - Lab Technician 
            West Valley City, Utah 
November, 2013 – July 2017 
Fast paced data entry, The ability to test different types of composite samples, such as dry fabric, impregnated fabric and resin, print product manufacturing sheets for Line Operators along with testing data and procedures for lab use, Certified to legally approve or decline product, Extensive knowledge on using Labware, Excel, Word, Outlook, and Smart Solve, write non conformance sheets for failing product, operate multiple kinds of machinery, including; spectrophotometers, heated presses, air compressed ovens, sand blasters, Fischer Jon hot plates and resin scanners. Can safely handle multiple types of chemicals like MEK, NMP, ACETONE, etc, communicates between Line Operators, Line Supervision, other Lab Tech Specialists and Lab Supervision on testing procedures and product condition via phone, email, and person to person, Communicates product condition to Line Operator to ensure passing product, Pulls mechanical and chemical sampling for other departments. 


Educational Experience: 
* University of Utah Coding Bootcamp for Full Stack Web Development (currently enrolled)
* Diploma from Herriman High School with 3.54 GPA
* Salt Lake Community College, South Jordan, Utah 2015 – 2016 
 
Technical Skills:
‣HTML, CSS, and GIT
‣JavaScript
‣Web APIs
‣Third-Party APIs
‣Server-Side APIs
‣Node.js
‣OOP
‣Express.js
‣SQL
‣ORM
‣MVC
‣NoSQL
‣Progressive Web Application
‣React
‣GraphQL
‣MERN
‣State
Special Skills: 
Natural leader; ability to communicate information and ideas clearly and concisely in writing. Can read and understand information presented in maps, charts, plans, blueprints. Has strong negotiation techniques and methods. Possesses the ability to deal with people in a manner which shows professionalism, tact, and sensitivity. Speaks clearly, concisely and effectively, listens to, and understands information and ideas as presented verbally or nonverbally. Can review and/or edit documents for accuracy and completeness. Knows how to lead the work of others by monitoring, reviewing, training co-workers, is willing to delegate work, can coordinate activities and tasks in the workplace. Has experience using Excel, Microsoft Word, Powerpoint, Microsoft Office. Punctual, responsible and reliable.


Personal References
        Tyler Howes (801) 750-9901
        Christopher McColgan (801) 867-9938
        Shannon Collins (801) 231-0426


Professional References
        Austin Wilke (385) 237-7820
        Jaden Jorgenson (801) 834-8666
        Tanner Heesch (208) 353-7433